8264425: Update building.md on non-English locales on Windows (#16694)
openjdk/jdk: doc/building.md

While OpenJDK can be built with MSYS2, support for it is still experimental, so
build failures and unusual errors are not uncommon.)

Building and testing the JDK requires a well-defined locale to be guaranteed to
run correctly. On non-Windows operating systems, this is achieved using the
`LC_*` variables, which propagate to all child processes of the build.
Unfortunately, there is no way to set the locale for a specific process like
this in Windows. The only way is to change the user locale setting to **US
English**, which will affect all applications run by the user.

Since this is annoying for users who prefer another locale, we strive to get
the building and testing to work on other locales as well. This is on a "best
effort" level, so beware! You might get odd results in both building and

> testing. If you do, remember that any other locale than US English are not

Reviewer: Either change `are` -> `is`, or I think even better use suggestion below.
```suggestion
testing. If you do, remember that locales other than US English are not
```
